**Supplementary Data 1. GLMs for female fetuses.** For each analyte the following model was fit: analyte ~ GestationalWeeks + PregravidBMI2 + C(LaborInitiation) + C(Smoker) + C(IllicitDrugUser). Anderson-Darling tests were used to evaluate the distribution of the data. Z-score was used to detect outliers with the threshold set as the absolute value of three, if more than 2.5% of all measurements surpassed this threshold then the analyte was declared an outlier. If the analyte had a non-normal distribution and/or the analyte was an outlier than a Gamma family was used to train the GLMs, otherwise a Gaussian family was applied. Benjamini-Hochberg multiple hypothesis adjustment was performed. The β-coefficients for the variables, y-intercepts, p-value, adjusted p-value, and pseudo R-squared value for each GLM were reported. This table takes up more than one page, so it is provided as an .xlsx file available for download.

**Supplementary Data 2. GLMs for male fetuses.** For each analyte the following model was fit: analyte ~ GestationalWeeks + PregravidBMI2 + C(LaborInitiation) + C(Smoker) + C(IllicitDrugUser). Anderson-Darling tests were used to evaluate the distribution of the data. Z-score was used to detect outliers with the threshold set as the absolute value of three, if more than 2.5% of all measurements surpassed this threshold then the analyte was declared an outlier. If the analyte had a non-normal distribution and/or the analyte was an outlier than a Gamma family was used to train the GLMs, otherwise a Gaussian family was applied. Benjamini-Hochberg multiple hypothesis adjustment was performed. The β-coefficients for the variables, y-intercepts, p-value, adjusted p-value, and pseudo R-squared value for each GLM were reported. This table takes up more than one page, so it is provided as an .xlsx file available for download.

**Supplementary Data 3. Control interomics communities.** For each node of the control interomics network, we report the community to which it belongs along with its closeness centrality score, which was normalized to a scale of 0 to 1 for each community. This table takes up more than one page, so it is provided as an .xlsx file available for download.

**Supplementary Data 4. FGR interomics communities.** For each node of the FGR interomics network, we report the community to which it belongs along with its closeness centrality score, which was normalized to a scale of 0 to 1 for each community. This table takes up more than one page, so it is provided as an .xlsx file available for download.

**Supplementary Data 5. PTD interomics communities.** For each node of the PTD interomics network, we report the community to which it belongs along with its closeness centrality score, which was normalized to a scale of 0 to 1 for each community. This table takes up more than one page, so it is provided as an .xlsx file available for download.

**Supplementary Data 6. FGR+HDP interomics communities.** For each node of the FGR+HDP interomics network, we report the community to which it belongs along with its closeness centrality score, which was normalized to a scale of 0 to 1 for each community. This table takes up more than one page, so it is provided as an .xlsx file available for download.

**Supplementary Data 7. PE interomics communities.** For each node of the PE interomics network, we report the community to which it belongs along with its closeness centrality score, which was normalized to a scale of 0 to 1 for each community. This table takes up more than one page, so it is provided as an .xlsx file available for download.
